I don't care what your reasons are
If you want to be with this woman, you can
But you're out of the house
Get the hell out of here
Uh dad
You see how I could possibly marry this woman, right?
I'm just playing with everyone
Brothers
I do this thing.
I have a clear conscience for you.
You can say that now.
Bai Menglan, stop pretending
What kind of person are you?
We know so well in our hearts
Passers-by, the thing between the two of us
It's been so long
What deep hatred do I have with you?
You have to pester me
Tan Mengnan
Our affairs have long been regular
I don't want to mention it again
You get out of here now
Go find your next wrong client
OK
That's so great!
Very good.
That being the case
you
Don't regret it
Hahaha
What tea do you drink?
I'll go to you seven seven one.
What do you want?
I wouldn't dare drink that.